Wow, uncle, you look so handsome in this dress. Let's go.
Not oh oh
Miss Baguio
This is your itinerary for today.
How is it a studio?
Look how handsome you are
I will bring you to see if it is usually in harmony.
Are you a doll anyway?
How did he Feng Yu Emperor
Who is he?
Hmm nothing
A poor boy father who likes to hug rich women
He's not here for an internship, is he?
Then there will be a good show today. I watched Brother Wen Ying
It's time for your internship.
Ah!
I clean up Liuhe
Sweeping all directions
Now passengers in the rain
The world together
Hahahaha okay okay
Brother Sun
Can you act normal?
Are you doing a comedy with me?
I'm sorry, director, give me another chance.
How many chances have I given you?
Next
Laugh hammer laugh
You can act
You can act, you come up and act, it's you